# Overview
These instructions show only Linux/MacOS. Windows is probably supported but commands may be slightly different.
## Directory Structure
A brief overview of each directory in the repository.
> `instance` — A directory containing all the data from the website
>
> `project` — All the files from the site
> > `core` — Scripts which contain a groundwork for the website
> >
> > `modules` — Primary website features (users, articles, media, etc.)
> >
> > `templates` — Scripts which add global variables to jinja templates
> >
> > `website` — Static and dynamic web files
> > > `static` — Web files which can be directly accessed
# Development
## Setup
1. [Install Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. Install Python dependencies:<br>
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`
1. Create `.env` file:
```env
MODE=dev
ADMIN_USERNAME=admin
ADMIN_PASSWORD=&DM1N
```
### Environment File
- `MODE` (required): How the server will run (Either `dev`, `debug`, or `prod`).
- `ADMIN_USERNAME` (required): The username and role name to the admin account.
- `ADMIN_PASSWORD` (required): The password to the admin account.
- `SECRET_KEY` (optional): The secret key. If not specified, it will be autogenerated each run.
- `PROD_HOST` (required in production): The host to use in production.
- `PROD_PORT` (required in production): The host port to use in production.
- `DUCKDNS_DOMAIN` (optional): The domain for DuckDNS (excluding `.duckdns.org` suffix).
- `DUCKDNS_TOKEN` (optional): The token used in DuckDNS.
## Running
1. Start the web server:<br>
`python3 project`
1. Open [http://127.0.0.1:5000](http://127.0.0.1:5000) to preview the project.
# Deployment
1. Complete [setup steps above](#setup)
2. In the `.env` file, set `MODE=prod`
3. Open the logged url to preview the project